task1/README.md, before:

## Interface

### * rank_support(bitset<SIZE>### * b)

Initializes a `rank_support` structure with a pointer to a bitset.
Bitsets store a maximum of `SIZE` bits which is determined at compile-time.
The `SIZE` variable can be modified in `rank_support.h`.

### * uint64_t rank1(uint64_t i)

Returns the rank of the `ith` element in the bitset. `i` is **1-indexed**: i.e. 1 <= `i` <= `SIZE`.

### * uint64_t overhead()

Return the number of bits that the `rank_support` class uses.

### * void save(string& fname)

Serializes the `rank_support` class into file `task1/<fname>`.

The file format is as follows:
```
line1: <bitset as string>
line2: <elem1 of superblock table> <elem2> ... 
line3: <elem1 of block table> <elem2> ...
```

### * void load(string& fname)

Deserializes the file `filename` into the `rank_support` class.

## Compilation Instructions

Perform the following from within the `task1` directory

1. Modify the `SIZE` const variable found in `rank_support.h` to the size of your bitvector
2. Call `make` 
3. Run `rank.exe`

Commit message:

updated task1 to use sdsl

task1/README.md, after:

## Interface

### * rank_support(bitset<SIZE>### * b)

Initializes a `rank_support` structure with a pointer to a bitset.
Bitsets store a maximum of `SIZE` bits which is determined at compile-time.
The `SIZE` variable can be modified in `rank_support.h`.

### * uint64_t rank1(uint64_t i)

Returns the rank of the `ith` element in the bitset. `i` is **1-indexed**: i.e. 1 <= `i` <= `SIZE`.

### * uint64_t overhead()

Return the number of bits that the `rank_support` class uses.

### * void save(string& fname)

Serializes the `rank_support` class into file `task1/<fname>`.

The file format is as follows:
```
line1: <bitset as string>
line2: <elem1 of superblock table> <elem2> ... 
line3: <elem1 of block table> <elem2> ...
```

### * void load(string& fname)

Deserializes the file `filename` into the `rank_support` class.

## Compilation Instructions

Perform the following from within the `task1` directory

1. Install `sdsl` by following instructions at: https://github.com/simongog/sdsl-lite
2. Call `make` 
3. Run `rank.exe {1}` where `{1}` is the size of the bit_vector
